“I only feel angry when I see waste. When I see people throwing away things we could use.”
—Mother Teresa

“The Earth is what we all have in common.”
—Wendell Berry

“Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.”
-George Bernard Shaw

“Away, away, from men and towns,
To the wild wood and the downs, —
To the silent wilderness,
Where the soul need not repress its music.”
—Percy Bysshe Shelley

“He that plants trees loves others besides himself.”
—Thomas Fuller 

“Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world; indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.”
—Margaret Mead

“One of the first conditions of happiness is that the link between man and nature shall not be broken.”
—Leo Tolstoy 

“The environment is where we all meet; where we all have a mutual interest; it is the one thing all of us share.”
-Lady Bird Johnson

“The Earth will not continue to offer its harvest, except with faithful stewardship. We cannot say we love the land and then take steps to destroy it for use by future generations.”
—John Paul II

“Nature is painting for us, day after day, pictures of infinite beauty.”
—John Ruskin

“Like music and art, love of nature is a common language that can transcend political or social boundaries.”
—Jimmy Carter

“Nothing is more beautiful than the loveliness of the woods before sunrise.”
—George Washington Carver

“You cannot get through a single day without having an impact on the world around you. What you do makes a difference and you have to decide what kind of a difference you want to make.”
—Jane Goodall

“The ultimate test of man’s conscience may be his willingness to sacrifice something today for future generations whose words of thanks will not be heard.”
—Gaylord Nelson

“What’s the use of a fine house if you haven’t got a tolerable planet to put it on.”
—Henry David Thoreau

“Environmentally friendly cars will soon cease to be an option … they will become a necessity.”
—Fujio Cho, Honorary Chairman of Toyota Motors

“To me a lush carpet of pine needles or spongy grass is more welcome than the most luxurious Persian rug.”
—Helen Keller

“A nation that destroys its soils destroys itself. Forests are the lungs of our land, purifying the air and giving fresh strength to our people.”
—Franklin D. Roosevelt

“The Earth is a fine place and worth fighting for.”
—Ernest Hemingway 

“The proper use of science is not to conquer nature but to live in it.”
—Barry Commoner

“We have forgotten how to be good guests, how to walk lightly on the earth as its other creatures do.”
—Barbara Ward